Update CONNECT-IP to match the change to HTTP datagrams (#44)
ietf-wg-masque/draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip: draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip.md

  determine the scope of the request, such as requesting full-tunnel IP packet
  forwarding, or a specific proxied flow, see {{scope}}.

> The client also includes the "Capsule-Protocol" header with a value of "?1"

Author: Yeah, SHOULD makes sense

> The client also includes the "Capsule-Protocol" header with a value of "?1"

Author: ```suggestion
The client SHOULD also include the "Capsule-Protocol" header with a value of "?1"
```

If an endpoint received a ROUTE_ADVERTISEMENT capsule that does not meet these
requirements, it MUST abort the stream.

# Context Identifiers

This protocol allows future extensions to exchange HTTP Datagrams which carry
different semantics from IP packets. For example, an extension could define
a way to send compressed IP header fields. In order to allow for this
extensibility, all HTTP Datagrams associated with IP proxying request streams
start with a context ID, see {{payload-format}}.

Context IDs are 62-bit integers (0 to 2<sup>62</sup>-1). Context IDs are encoded

> as variable-length integers, see {{Section 16 of !QUIC=RFC9000}}. The context ID

Author: It does work!

https://ietf-wg-masque.github.io/draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip/tfp/datagram-update/draft-ietf-masque-connect-ip.html

> as variable-length integers, see {{Section 16 of !QUIC=RFC9000}}. The context ID

Reviewer: Sweet! I guess I need to update my local software :P
